Independent engineering review — conjecture 00000000930

RESULT: PASS for the final canonical-import Lean project, its actual Lake default target, and the independent transitive trust/signature audit. Final whole-submission inventory binding is completed separately after documentation/evidence freeze. Mathematical report/PDF review and public submission eligibility are handled separately by the parent reviewer.

Reviewed project: solutions/00000000930/C0ldSmi1e_submission_20261009175153/lean
Toolchain: Lean 4.19.0; Mathlib c44e0c8ee63ca166450922a373c7409c5d26b00b.
The final lake-manifest.json SHA-256 is 5fceca7fa41e6c675d6b87dd02c8c7cd99634561dce5826368d42b85f25c23f7. Its only change from initial installation was making mathlib.inputRev the same exact SHA requested by lakefile.toml; resolved dependency revisions are unchanged.

Fresh independent build
The submitted Lean sources were copied to a new private project directory with no owned compiled objects. All nine designated standard dependency trees and caches were privately copied using filesystem copy-on-write; Lake could write only to those private copies. No author-generated compiled object was used. Every dependency HEAD matched the manifest and tracked dependency sources remained unchanged after the build.

Three missing standard Mathlib modules were freshly compiled from their unchanged pinned sources in the private cache: RemovableSingularity, UniformLimitsDeriv, LocallyUniformLimit. Canonical imports are used throughout. The nine owned source modules are Bergman930.Bergman, Commutant, Geometry, MeanValue, Evaluation, Completeness, Reducing, Verification, and the Bergman930 root. All seven mathematical source bodies were byte-identical to the prior fully reviewed milestone after removing only import lines.

The actual Lake command was:
  lake --no-cache --wfail --verbose build
It exited 0 with no warnings or errors, ran bergman930/Bergman930:default, and freshly elaborated all nine owned modules. The raw trace records -DwarningAsError=true on every owned Lean invocation. No --old option, author output, or altered project target was used. Ordinary cached pinned standard imports were replayed. The standard library trust boundary is explicit: existing pinned dependency objects are trusted imports; all owned modules and the three missing standard modules were freshly built. Fresh downloading/rebuilding the entire external dependency ecosystem was not attempted.

Portable positive audit
EngineeringAudit.lean is independent reviewer verification code. From the submitted lean directory it was successfully run as:
  lake env lean -DwarningAsError=true ../validation/EngineeringAudit.lean
It exits 0. The audit recursively inspects both types and available bodies, including opaque bodies, and rejects missing constants, unsafe or partial constants, sorryAx, Lean.ofReduceBool*, and any axiom other than propext, Classical.choice, Quot.sound.

Results:
  l2Space_isClosed: 43,286 reachable constants; PASS.
  not_continuum: 43,906 reachable constants; PASS.
  All 59 explicit mathematical definitions, abbreviations and theorems: 44,056 reachable constants; PASS.
All three audits found zero unsafe, partial or missing dependencies and only the allowed axioms. Anonymous mathematical instances needed by the proofs are covered transitively. Independent #print axioms results agree for closure, completeness, adjoint equivalence, classification, exact cardinality and non-continuum cardinality.

The elaborated types of l2Space_isClosed, reducing_cardinality and not_continuum have zero top-level binders and no universe parameters. The final fixed types are exactly:
  Cardinal.mk Bergman930.ReducingSubspace = 2
  Cardinal.mk Bergman930.ReducingSubspace != Cardinal.continuum
The printed concrete definitions and compiled signature examples bind the actual open unit disk, Lebesgue area, holomorphic square-integrable functions, the closed Lp range, bounded multiplication by z, and the subtype of all closed reducing subspaces. Classification quantifies over only a subspace and its reducing property. The adjoint equivalence is also checked.

Audit control and source/routing checks
A deliberate forbidden-axiom theorem in separate private reviewer scratch was rejected by the same transitive checking procedure with nonzero exit status and the expected forbidden-axiom diagnostic. That negative-control source is not part of the submission and is not imported by the positive audit or project.

The nine owned project sources contain no unfinished proof, custom axiom, unsafe/partial declaration, native_decide, external implementation hook, or executable elaboration hook. The lone raw forbidden-token hit is the word "axiom" in a Verification.lean comment. The positive reviewer audit necessarily mentions forbidden constructs in diagnostics/checks and uses normal Lean metaprogramming to inspect declarations; it is verification code, not a proof assumption.

A private inventory hashes all 4,118 objects imported by the complete audit, including standard Lean audit imports. Every object resolves under the designated runtime or private review dependency/project directories, with zero shadow-path matches. All nine project objects were built in this review. No local absolute path is a portable project dependency. Dependency caches, full imported-object inventory, earlier diagnostic experiments and the negative-control code remain private; command receipts, input hashes, successful raw build/audit logs and this report are sufficient concise submission evidence.

Included auxiliary materials available during this review (README, original statement, toolchain/config/manifest, Verification.lean, author build JSON/raw log, source-audit summary and PDF validation receipts) were read. They introduce no auxiliary numerical computations. Final documentation and inventory files may be added without requiring a new mathematical build if all reviewed Lean/config/manifest hashes remain identical.
