INDEPENDENT COMPLETE REPORT AND PDF REVIEW: 00000001624

Verdict: PASS_REPORT_PDF
No mathematical, source-mapping, wording-scope, or visual correction is
required for the exact report source and PDF reviewed below. The complete
final author project remains a separate pending review gate.

Inputs and binding hashes

LaTeX source:
  /private/tmp/tlmc1624-report/report.tex
Independently recomputed SHA-256:
  1bfc28de9b18024b5a07182e524fc0bfed4b062dfe3d5e0bf1849acdf64e4e66

PDF:
  /private/tmp/tlmc1624-report/report.pdf
Independently recomputed SHA-256:
  fef0bd36b015a9d1e0488f7303fc6e12b58c870876881a38f4a2e2ad0d2615f6

Previously reviewed exact bilingual original SHA-256:
  53acb6877d3ac08f6469e5f63d03a4de0e22fe4a402699415ee499682705a77a
Previously freshly compiled and fully reviewed Lean core SHA-256:
  f2135c4b339236755e8b6fd6dd23e7685d7831dbdbad3f2d9aaf924f5e4a7487

Both report input hashes match the requested values. No report input was
edited. The review read the full LaTeX source, extracted the complete PDF
text with pypdf, and visually inspected every PDF page after an independent
render of the exact hashed PDF. Root-supplied render images were not needed.

Independent PDF evidence

The PDF contains exactly three US Letter pages, each 612 by 792 points.
The bundled Poppler pdftoppm rendered all pages successfully at 125 dpi:
  pdftoppm -r 125 -png <exact report.pdf> <review>/report-render/page
Exit status: 0, with no output diagnostics.

Visually inspected all three independently rendered images:
  report-render/page-1.png
  report-render/page-2.png
  report-render/page-3.png
These local review images are verification intermediates, not deliverables.
Complete extracted PDF text is retained as pdf-extracted-text.txt.

Page-by-page visual and content assessment

Page 1: title, subtitle, attribution/date, abstract, English source quote,
Chinese-source explanation, real-spectrum interpretation, Cantor and measure
definitions, and equation (1) are complete and readable. The English quote
matches the original words; the Chinese summary preserves the relevant
Cantor/no-gaps conjunction. Margins, quotation wrapping, mathematical glyphs,
equation number, and page number are clean. The paragraph continuation on
page 2 is natural and omits no text.

Page 2: the interpretation limitation continues correctly, followed by
Section 2 and Lemmas 1 and 2, Theorem 3, the strengthening observation, and
Lemma 4. All proof steps and displays are readable, all proof-end squares
are present, and theorem numbering/cross-references are consistent. There
is no clipping, overlap, missing mathematical symbol, or broken formula.

Page 3: Section 3, Corollary 5, the full-existence negation argument, the
universally quantified potential/spectrum/predicate formula, and Section 4
all appear in full. Long Lean identifiers wrap acceptably, including the
separate line for hasNoGaps_iff_ordConnected. The universal formula fits the
page. The concluding local-verification/maintainer-decision distinction is
visible and readable. Page numbering and overall typography are consistent.

Full mathematical correspondence

The report's closed-set supremum/infimum argument is the same mathematical
argument as exists_gap_around. Its proof correctly establishes nonempty,
one-sided bounded closed sets before taking extrema and correctly excludes
equality to the omitted point. Lemma 2 is exactly the genuine complementary
component result proved by IsGap.component. Theorem 3 uses positive Lebesgue
measure only to ensure two points, then uses empty interior and the gap
construction; it matches exists_gap_of_positive_volume. Lemma 4 correctly
states the closed-set qualification of hasNoGaps_iff_ordConnected.

The general real Cantor definition is nonempty compact perfect nowhere
dense, not a fixed measure-zero construction. The report accurately explains
that Perfect supplies closedness in Lean, making empty interior equivalent
to nowhere density here. Positive measure is Lebesgue measure on the real
energy line and is explicitly distinguished from spectral measure.

Corollary 5 matches no_source_spectrum. The displayed general lift and its
explanation match no_source_potential: every candidate-potential type, every
real spectrum assignment, and arbitrary additional predicates are covered.
No chosen operator, regularity, frequency, phase, or measure-vector subclass
is inserted. The omission of those unused source choices is explained as a
logical consequence of negating a necessary conjunction, not as a claim
that the missing choices were somehow formalized in detail.

Full-source coverage and scope limitations

The report explicitly addresses the original existential claim rather than
merely refuting a sample construction. It correctly states that additional
quasiperiodicity and singularity requirements cannot supply a witness once
the necessary geometric conjunction is impossible. The explicit-construction
request is consequently ruled out, and no unrelated impossibility claim
about singular spectral measures is made.

The real-energy convention is expressly stated. The exact main clause
"with no gaps" is interpreted as absence of all internal gaps, and the
report distinguishes absence of a gap at a Fermi energy, absence of a
ground-state excitation gap, and closure of selected labelled gaps. It
expressly does not claim to settle a rewritten source with those different
requirements. This is consistent with the independent source-only assessment
and the verified core's universal real-set scope.

The report's mathematical statement, proof, named Lean correspondence, and
PDF content therefore agree with one another and with the literal claim
under the explicitly recorded standard reading.

Limits of this report review

I did not independently repeat the native-editor or Tectonic LaTeX build in
this review. Their reported success is not used as sole evidence: hashes,
full LaTeX reading, full PDF extraction, and independent rendering plus
visual examination of every page were performed directly. This establishes
the observed PDF's content and rendering, not a new reproduction of its
binary build.

The report says that reproducible-build, challenge-check, dependency-audit,
and independent-review records accompany the submission. Whether the final
frozen project actually contains every named supporting record must be
checked when that project arrives. This review also does not settle the
earlier snapshot-only manifest-name discrepancy; the authoritative final
configuration is still to be examined. Repository history eligibility,
acceptance, and publication authorization remain outside this review.
